hey do you get Myka Myka direct sound
we're doing a backyard party we get the
scrim teams going if you pleated skirts
standard town system
pioneer players a pioneer mixer
hey DJ mikey mike indirect sound and
we're doing a quick backyard party this
is actually a cancellation from a
wedding that I floated their deposit
because the wedding was moved to a
different area location a completely
different town and they didn't need a DJ
at that time so I floated their retainer
to a backyard party form from summertime
so here we are at the backyard party
getting ready to just place the
background music and a little
entertainment will have some cancer
getting here right now and should be a
fun time those are you going to
YouTube's DJ's live west coast can't
wait to see you guys there man is going
to be awesome we've got tons of DJ's
coming all kinds of great manufacturers
we got Blizzard lighting we have scrim
king we have six star DJ we got all
kinds of it Brian s red is going to be
there I'm telling you it's going to be
off the hook abstract and steeler gave
me their DJ rude ok man I can't think of
all the guys they're gonna be that it's
just gonna be off the hook I'm telling
you and I got some really cool some
lighting techniques i want to show you
guys there so for those you guys want to
do dmx get down to youtube djs live west
coast coming up on next sunday get on
down there i got an event on Saturday
and on Monday so it's gonna be a really
tight tight get there on sunday but i'm
gonna make it so you guys got to deal
with too so we'll see a youtube djs live
get down there blizzard binding i got
some really cool new blizzard light that
we're going to show you these things are
amazing i'm telling you they're going to
be off the hook also some black scream
King trusts covers and some white scrim
King trusts covers something brand-new
for you guys to see I mean I'm telling
you to be really cool also I think
Gabriel is going to be there from script
king coming down from Canada I'm not
sure if he can make it but he said he's
going to try so we'll see if he comes on
down alright DJ Mikey Mike Maddux out
we'll see you here a little bit later on
the rest of this backyard party but
until then
hey that's right we're continuing here
we got a few people knew more people to
show the party about 20 or 30 people
here right now I don't think you're due
to anymore I'll just kind of relaxing
night gonna be fun we're trying to get
my your head wrapped around virtual DJ
not that familiar with it so hey did you
Mike and Mike it's just about sundown
and we're almost out of here it's about
eight o'clock what time is it it's about
20 28 and we're out here at eight
o'clock it's a nice little party you
some background music for the evening
nothing real major but great people a
lot of fun kids had a great time in the
pool I can't believe they're in the pool
of water was about 70 something but kids
are kids Hey Oh anyway don't forget go
to the YouTube DJ's live event in inning
in San Marino go to the YouTube click on
YouTube DJ slide west coast and find all
the information there after his helo
hoping this event this time so make sure
you check that out all right peace